Drag Race Script Instruction Set

Introduction
    Welcome to the Drag Race Script! This script allows you to conduct drag races in GTA V.
    Please follow these instructions to make the most of its functionality.

Preparation
    Place BOTH LUA files in your scripts folder. (ReaganDragRace.lua and ReaganTimer.lua)
    
    Advice From The Dev:
    Ensure you are using a non-personal vehicle for the best experience.
    If you prefer to use your personal vehicle, consider "cloning" it using the in-game menu.
    
Using the Script
    Open the menu and navigate to the "DragMenu" submenu.
    Select your desired race distance from the available options (e.g., 1/8 Mile, 1/4 Mile, etc.).
    Click "Start Drag Race" to initiate the race.
    Once started, the script will display a countdown on your license plate.
    Pay attention to the countdown and get ready to accelerate when it flashes "GO".

During the Race
    As you race, your vehicle's speed will be displayed on the license plate in real-time.
    The race will finish automatically when you reach the selected race distance.

Stopping the Race
    If you want to restart or stop, press the CANCEL button to abort the race.
    you can then start a new race if so desired. 

Jump Starts
    If you jump the line before GO the race will be cacelled and "JUMPED" will be displayed on the license plate.

Race Results
    Upon finishing the race, the license plate will display your elapsed time.
    Additionally, the final speed of your vehicle and other information will be printed to the debug menu.

Contact for Help or Feedback
    If you encounter any issues or have feedback, please reach out to me on Discord. Contact ronnir.r.1989 

Note
    Keep in mind that this script is not permanent and works best with non-personal vehicles.
    personal vehicles will reset their plate automatically giving a not so great experience.
    Keep in mind that if something happens, personal plates may be permanently changed.
    Just clone your personal vehicle in Online Vehicle Spawner in Kiddions Modest Menu.